". did a lot in his first few weeks, so you may have missed this (👇): 

He used his executive powers to reopen ACA enrollment, starting TODAY.  Many Americans lost coverage this past year, this is a chance to help them.  Please spread the word:

https://t.co/FEKkFHPoEA",
"While so much attention is focused on why Biden hasn’t called Netanyahu yet, a smart observation from : 

“Instead of reaching out to American Jews, he (Bibi) preferred to reach out to the Evangelicals.” https://t.co/cJw972rfT3",
"I love how President Biden approves federal aid to Texas during its disaster -- even though they didn't vote for him --without forcing them to say nice things about him.

Nice to have an adult President finally.",
"Biden pledges action on guns amid resistance https://t.co/ZyAgRO8TFg https://t.co/8G69sSOn3v",
"If the Biden administration wants a travel restriction, why don't they restrict travel in New York from COVID hospitals to the nursing homes?",
"Trump will EASILY win the GOP nomination for 2024, in a magafest. He will then go down in blazing glory, losing at Mondale levels to Biden.

AFTER that loss, GOP will toss Trump out of their party. Which won't stop Trump. He'll run again in 2028: stealing votes from GOP candidate",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
"🐾 That is our cousin, Charlie Biden First Grandpupper. His mama is  https://t.co/TaS9csrtiC",
""Instead of the “blue-state bailout” derided by GOP lawmakers, Republican mayors and governors say they see badly needed federal aid to keep police on the beat, to prevent battered Main Street businesses from going under"

https://t.co/v53vkorMbr",
"America had 22,022 Covid Deaths last week and Biden's response was to cut Medicare.",
" Here's a great article explaining why ... If you're not a subscriber, let me know. I can extract the major points. In fact I'm going to write a thread on my timeline now https://t.co/K6FVUcMFLW",
"Champ and Major, the Biden family’s German shepherds, mark a return of pets to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue after a four-year hiatus.

While dogs are the most common pets in presidential history, some first family pets were a bit more … unconventional. https://t.co/dcnaBx7UKB",
"One of the most effective things Biden said during the election: "I'm not a socialist." He didn't get lost in a vocabulary debate. He didn't pull back on any of his liberal policies. He just recognized that the word "socialism" plays poorly, and he rejected it. It's how you win.",
"“If Trump is not the candidate in 2024, the leader of our movement will be Ron DeSantis. He is a strong potential presidential candidate in 2024, the Biden team knows that. You know what, throughout America, there's a lot of Florida envy right now.”https://t.co/S4euBkVEFh",
"President Biden calls on Congress to "enact commonsense gun law reforms" on third anniversary of Parkland shooting https://t.co/IhvSRayqMc",
"This #PresidentsDay, we’re working side-by-side with President Biden to deliver the American Rescue Plan and urgent, bold relief for Americans across this country. https://t.co/t6ck7rZidK",
"AWESOME FACT: All 50 states report a drop in the number of COVID cases.  President Joe Biden is keepin' his promises and savin' American lives!",
"Hunter biden got away with more https://t.co/aeMzxDtdNQ",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
"   So ya like Biden 🤷‍♀️",
"President Trump and thousands of his supporters have been purged from Twitter yet “Donald J Trump” is still Trending with #PresidentsDay.

There is Zero Enthusiasm for Biden. https://t.co/rZu885ozxi",
"If the Biden administration wants a travel restriction, why don't they restrict travel in New York from COVID hospitals to the nursing homes?",
"If the Biden administration wants a travel restriction, why don't they restrict travel in New York from COVID hospitals to the nursing homes?",
"Dear liberals, please explain to me how Biden pushing to reopen schools is a better response to Covid than Trumps.  I would genuinely love to know.",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
"I guess in order to promise a "dark winter" you have to shut down a pipeline to Americans in the middle of the coldest winter in years... 

Great Job President Biden, you're crushing it!",
"If the Biden administration wants a travel restriction, why don't they restrict travel in New York from COVID hospitals to the nursing homes?",
"“The American story isn’t a story of presidents, it’s a story of the American people — a story of courage, character, strength, and resilience.” — President Biden’s message on this Presidents’ Day https://t.co/VbmEO7u2ns",
"Biden issuing an emergency declaration for a state that didn't vote for him without even a little insinuation that it's really kind of their fault? Weird.",
" Please tell us what Joe Biden has to gain by leaving schools closed and teachers don’t have anything to gain either. I know if I was a teacher close to retirement I would. We have a teachers shortage the way it is. Biden has been in almost 4 weeks where was all the outrage. Trump",
"   There’s 200xs more people there for a guy not even in office then there was for every Biden rally combined lol but ya he won.",
"40 U.S. attorneys of South Asian descent write to Biden urging action against Modi's repressive tactics against #FarmersProtest 

By          &amp; others 

https://t.co/e2jZDFbfKc",
"If the Biden administration wants a travel restriction, why don't they restrict travel in New York from COVID hospitals to the nursing homes?",
"President Trump just showed up at the President’s Day rally in Palm Beach!

Have you ever seen a crowd once react to Biden like this? Of course not. And that’s the difference between a president who is installed and one who is loved.

https://t.co/wnFPlwMzOd",
"Why are Texas Republicans asking Joe Biden for help, when they filed a bill to secede just last month?",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
"Why are Texas Republicans asking Joe Biden for help, when they filed a bill to secede just last month?",
"Biden shut down Keystone causing immediate and future hardship for Americans. But the same energy policies benefit foreign companies like Burisma who are now building pipelines that make Keystone pale in comparison 🤔 AND THE MEDIA IS SILENT!",
"scammed to help racist Republicans to steal the 2024 Presidential Election Race as revenge for the American people voting and electing Joe Biden and Kamala Harris as President and Vice President. I know it's why you all are planning a 2024 coup d'etat. Just try it you bastards!!!",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
" Where was all the vaccine your little man promised? Why did Biden have to build the Covid program? Why was nothing in place? I’m afraid it is going to take an exorcism to rid us of tRump since the Senate has no backbone.  Maybe it will work for you too.....",
"I'm excited to announce that I'm an original cosponsor of the "PAUSE Act" (H.R. 471), introduced by  of New Mexico!

H.R. 471 upholds President Trump's strong border policy by preventing Biden Administration officials ...",
"Biden calls on Xi Jinping to end ‘human rights abuses in Xinjiang’ in first China call https://t.co/lqEdeq6D3W",
"Joe Biden has been president for 26 days, and he hasn’t played golf even ONCE.",
"Power is still out and roads are to snowy and slick to go somewhere else with heat and wi-fi.

This is Biden’s America.",
"why isn't Biden telling Texas to rake the snow? doesn't he know how to president",
"Dear liberals, please explain to me how Biden pushing to reopen schools is a better response to Covid than Trumps.  I would genuinely love to know.",
"Why are Texas Republicans asking Joe Biden for help, when they filed a bill to secede just last month?",